[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna take the fuchsia color to
highway directly to help with the 2018
avant-garde Gore fest Amanda let's get
to it the movie opens with credits over
sweeping shots of trees which sets a
real chill tone and makes me feel like a
mellow dude but then we find this is
actually part of a large-scale
deforestation project and there's
nothing mellow about deforestation my
friends we soon learned that someone
unwisely gave Nick Cage a chainsaw but
it seems to be working out ok they clock
out and leave work for the day giving
the woodland animals their evening
respite Rhett arrives at his cozy
mountain bungalow greeted by the titular
Mandy his best girl who's working on her
art they developed their relationship
for us by staring longingly into each
other's eyes and talking about the
heavens and then we see the heavens this
transitions into flame which is part of
a camping excursion made he approaches
the flames like a feral beast making
life in the woods look frickin awesome
but let us not forget that nature is
also a cruel mistress the next day as
Mandy takes for morning constitutional
she crosses paths briefly with the band
of hippie weirdos and they observe each
other as they pass we then transitioned
to the cult leader Jeremiah he's feeling
unwell and is giving his eldest advisor
a hard time she just doesn't understand
the intricate complexities of being a
man with blue balls you see despite the
brevity of their encounter he's found
himself smitten with Mandy and he
requires her company on his crotch he
sends for brother Swann who's charged
with fetching the Maiden Swan doesn't
hesitate to comply and they share a good
laugh and a platonic face caress as some
men do the next day mother Marlene tries
to get back in his good graces by
locating Mandy and using her doll charms
to lower Mandy's guard and collect
precious intel about the general
location of her home we later find the
brothers preparing for the evening
events brother Swann blows his ocarina
summoning a roving ATV gang from hell
although it's too dark to tell with
their cosplay their assistance comes
with a price so they're provided a mason
jar full of goo and the promise of a
future sacrifice in stark contrast with
this red and Mandy are engaged in the
most normal evening we've seen so far
after bedtime the gang moves in as
though someone had to open the lament
configuration they subdue red and allow
the cult to take mandy after securing
their tribute
Mandie awakes mother Marlene is there to
reassure her she lets her know it's all
good and her husband is fine it's just
that she belongs to them now is all
after being prepared with some of the
most organic free-range hallucinogens
possible Mandy floats off to a wonderful
dreamland that's unfortunately occupied
by these [ __ ]
Jeremiah presents himself and apologizes
for the fuss he explains that she
silently called out to him and he's just
following her command his rundown of
their operation is somewhat pretentious
basically it's a music themed love cult
Jeremiah the charismatic leader was
blessed with a vision in which he was
granted authority to take whatever he
wanted so you see it's been ordained
however he makes the rookie mistake of
putting himself in a vulnerable position
standing in front of her and his
followers naked with his own music
playing allowing her to wither him to
nothing through the power of laughter
as a consequence of this we find them
outside Reds house with red bound to a
tree Jeremiah insists upon jealously
belittling the love that red and Mandy
share he attempts to demonstrate true
love by compelling Lucy to play Russian
roulette for him brother Swann then
shows off another cool artifact which is
used to inflict a ceremonial pain they
then hoist up a bag of Mandi and light
it on fire
removing Reds only tethered to reality
in a brutal and gruesome display of
their ambivalence when the excitement of
the evening dies down the group packs up
their things and returns to their
compound now on his own red begins
working to free himself from his
barbed-wire restraints he returns to his
house and do wildermann but the cheddar
goblin knows what he must do and speaks
the unspeakable into his soul he starts
in the bathroom quickly processing his
despair and then healing and preparing
his battered body he goes to his buddy's
trailer to meet up with some old friends
he confides in Carruthers which works in
his favor because he's able to share
some rumors he's heard about a psycho
biker gang roaming the mountains the
gang is comprised of the shells of what
were once people hollowed-out and
desiccated by the purest of LSD now
ruined they thrive on pain lapping it up
like thirsty dogs
okay bye I guess just to be safe red
forges a special weapon of vengeance
that is usable in some way he'll figure
it out when he gets there it is sharp
and pointy after all he drives off into
the wilderness that evening although I
wonder if the bikers would be as scary
in the daytime it doesn't take long to
come across the gang and get to work
he picks off a straggler and intends to
finish the job with his truck but it's a
mixed bag of results mostly in that he
ends up unconscious and wakes up with
his hand nailed to the floor he has a
brief in Iraq
with this slippery fellow it manages to
save himself as a result of a code
violation he grabs some new utensils of
carnage and begins his descent
downstairs he finds more bikers he
engages in a knife fight and has a
relatively easy time breaking this guy's
neck he then gets a little afternoon
pick-me-up and reacquaint himself with
his gear we then discovered that the jar
of goo was that previously mentioned LSD
we know this because just a little
taster melts his face off and now he's
ready for anything
he goes into the night to inflict pain
which the bikers are fairly casual about
so he finishes him off in order to move
on to the cult he follows the road to an
outpost where he finds the chemist they
have a one-sided conversation where the
chemist shows off his skills as an
empath in two itting Reds desires he
points him in the correct direction and
gives him a firm smack on the ass to
send him on his way red rides all night
until he comes upon the compound his
first trap sneers brother Swann and Lucy
Swann tries to say some hardcore stuff
so red interrupts him with a fitting
punishment for silver-tongued sinners
Lucy the only character sympathetic to
Reds pain is let go he works his way
through the grounds until he comes
across the tool of his trade and
approaches this cult member who
demonstrates he's more than game by
whipping out his own obnoxious chainsaw
turns out a 6-foot chain saws at
tremendous hindrance to mobility so he
takes the first chance to grab the
shorty but red had already called no
tradesies so he whips out a log chain it
initiates a reset on the workplace
accident calendar
he then bypasses all this subtle imagery
to find Jeremiah in the final chamber
and delivers mother's head to him
Jeremiah does his best to seduce red
with offers of soul saving before
resorting to flat-out begging red
responds by crushing his skull and
cleansing the sanctuary with fire we end
on a flashback to a simpler time a time
before LSD biker clubs and charismatic
love cults were burning us alive and the
world was full of hot pain and unfired
and that was maybe a 2018 film that
happened if you enjoyed the video I'd
love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching
[Music]